Remove F821 monkey patch (#530)
PyCQA/flake8-pyi: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## Unreleased

* **Breaking change:** Previously, flake8-pyi monkey patched flake8's F821
  (undefined name) check to avoid false positives in stub files. This monkey

>   patch has been removed, and we recommend to disable F821 when running flake8
>   on stub files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  patch has been removed. Instead, we now recommend to disable F821 when running flake8
  on stub files.
```
